= PWResource

Provides various tools and utilities for players of Perfect World International.

Planned features include:
* A _Database_ module for browsing/searching in-game items
* A _Calculator_ module for creating, displaying, and sharing character builds
* A _Roster_ module for creating player rosters, organizing them into squads, and exporting this data into text for use elsewhere

== Installation / Setup

PWResource is built on Rails 4.2. The setup/database populate scripts require Python 3.5 or above, and only support importing into MySQL databases at the moment. Feel free to modify load.py as needed if you're using something else.

<tt>setup/load.py</tt> will extract data into your database from the given <tt>elements.data</tt> file based on the configuration file supplied. Once you've loaded the element data into the database, update <tt>config/database.yml</tt> with your database information and you're ready to go (<tt>rails s</tt>).

==== A note on load configurations

If you're used to pwtools, note that PWResource uses a _different_ configuration file layout (<tt>.pwc</tt>) -- you can use <tt>setup/config_migrator.py</tt> to convert a seledit configuration file to a PWResource one. PWResource config files support an <tt>@ignore</tt> tag (at the end of a line) to tell the loader to skip adding that table or field to the database.

Also, note that the naming of tables and fields in the configuration is (of course) very important; it is *highly* recommended that you do not stray from the naming used in the provided <tt>.pwc</tt> configuration file unless you wish to do your own code modifications to support your changes.

== About / Purpose

PWResource was initially conceived to fill the void left by the disappearance of Skyflox's pwcalc.com website (which later returned, but has seen no updates since). Its intended features have since grown and its purpose altered to more of a personal interest and learning experience.
